Improve technical documentation (#4308)
xournalpp/xournalpp: readme/Compile.md

# Compilation and Testing

> 

Reviewer: Needs a line or two summarizing what this document is about. Some key points:
* The contents here are mostly for compiling & developing locally.
* For distribution packages, the steps are platform-dependent (which can be found in the `*Build.md` files)

## Get sources

```sh
git clone http://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp
cd xournalpp
```

## Compile

```sh
mkdir build
cd build

cmake ..
cmake --build . # For a faster build, set the flag -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=RelWithDebInfo
```

- Use `cmake-gui ..` to graphically configure CMake
- With Cairo 1.16 PDF Bookmarks will be possible, but this version is not yet
commonly available; therefore the Cairo PDF Export does not include PDF Bookmarks

## Run

```sh

> # Ensure you're in the './build' directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Before running this command, ensure you're in the './build' directory
```

# Compilation and Testing

> This file contains cross-platform instructions for compiling and developing locally. For instructions on how to create platform-specific packages, or instructions on preliminary steps for building Xournal++, please see your see these platform-specific instructions:

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
This file contains platform-independent instructions for compiling and developing locally. For instructions on how to create platform-specific packages, or instructions on preliminary steps for building Xournal++, please see these platform-specific instructions:
```

- [LinuxBuild.md](./LinuxBuild.md)
- [MacBuild.md](./MacBuild.md)
- [WindowsBuild.md](./WindowsBuild.md)

## Get sources

```sh
git clone http://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp
cd xournalpp
```

## Compile

```sh
mkdir build
cd build

cmake ..
cmake --build . # For a faster build, set the flag -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=RelWithDebInfo
```

- Use `cmake-gui ..` to graphically configure CMake
- With Cairo 1.16 PDF Bookmarks will be possible, but this version is not yet

> commonly available; therefore the Cairo PDF Export does not include PDF Bookmarks

Reviewer: This line should be removed. PDF bookmarks are supported when compiling with Cairo >= 1.16 (we have a macro to check the version).
